 <h1>Privacy policy</h1><br><p>Last updated on: 11.01.2025</p><br><p>Transparent handling of personal data is very important to us. This data protection statement provides information on what personal data we collect, for what purpose and to whom we pass it on. We regularly review and update this privacy policy to ensure the highest level of transparency.</p><br><h2>1. What services we use</h2><p></p><ul><li><span>Google Analytics</span></li><li><span>Google Tag Manager</span></li><li><span>Amazon S3</span></li><li><span>Amazon Web Services</span></li></ul><p></p><br><h2>2. Contact Information</h2><p>If you have any questions or concerns about our protection of your data, you can always reach us by email at contact@jonathan-russ.com. Responsible for data processing done through this website is:</p><br><p>Jonathan Russ<br>Staumauerstrasse 25<br>8847 Egg SZ<br>Schweiz<br><br><strong>Data protection officer: </strong><br>Jonathan Russ<br>contact@jonathan-russ.com<br>0767464425</p><br><h2>3. General principles</h2><h3>3.1 What data we collect from you and from whom we receive this data</h3><p>First and foremost, we process personal data that you provide to us or that we collect when operating our website. We may also receive personal data about you from third parties. These may be the following categories:</p><ul><li>Personal master data (name, address, dates of birth, etc.);</li><li>Contact information (cell phone number, email address, etc.);</li><li>Financial data (e.g. account details);</li><li>Online identifiers (e.g. cookie identifier, IP addresses);</li><li>Location and traffic data;</li><li>Sound and image recording;</li><li>particularly sensitive data (e.g. biometric data or information about your health).</li></ul><br><h3>3.2 Under what conditions do we process your data?</h3><p>We process your data in good faith and for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. In doing so, we ensure transparent and proportionate processing.<br><br>If, in exceptional cases, we are unable to comply with these principles, the data processing may still be lawful because there is a justification. A justification reason may be in particular:</p><ul><li>Your consent;</li><li>the execution of a contract or pre-contractual measures;</li><li>our legitimate interests, unless your interests are overridden.</li></ul><br><h3>3.3 How can you withdraw your consent?</h3><p>If you have given us consent to process your personal data for specific purposes, we will process your data within the scope of this consent unless we have another justification.<br><br>You can revoke your consent at any time by sending an e-mail to the address given in the imprint. Data processing that has already taken place is not affected by this.</p><br><h3>3.4 In which cases can we share your data with third parties?</h3><br><h4>a. Principle</h4><p>We may need to rely on the services of third parties or affiliates and engage them to process your data (known as processors). Categories of recipients are namely:</p><ul><li>Accounting, fiduciary and auditing firm;</li><li>Consulting firms (legal, tax, etc.);</li><li>IT service provider (web hosting, support, cloud services, website design, etc.);</li><li>Payment service provider;</li><li>Provider of tracking, conversion and advertising services.</li></ul><br><p>We ensure that these third parties and our affiliates comply with the requirements of data protection and treat your personal data confidentially.<br><br>We may also be required to disclose your personal information to government authorities.</p><br><h4>b. Visiting our social media channels</h4><p>We may have embedded links to our social media channels on our website. This is apparent to you in each case (typically via corresponding icons). If you click on the icons, you will be redirected to our social media channels.<br><br>In this case, the social media providers learn that you are accessing their platform from our website. The social media providers can use the data collected in this way for their own purposes. We would like to point out that we have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by the operators.</p><br><h4>c. Transfer abroad</h4><p>Under certain circumstances, your personal data may be transferred to companies abroad in the course of order processing. These companies are obligated to data protection to the same extent as we are. The transfer may take place worldwide.<br><br>If the level of data protection does not correspond to that in Switzerland, we carry out a prior risk assessment and ensure contractually that the same level of protection is guaranteed as in Switzerland (for example, by means of the new standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or other legally prescribed measures). If our risk assessment is negative, we take additional technical measures to protect your data. You can access the EU Commission's standard contractual clauses at the following link. https://commission.europa.eu/publications/standard-contractual-clauses-controllers-and-processors-eueea_de</p><br><h3>3.5 How long do we keep your data?</h3><p>We store personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the individual purposes for which the data was collected.<br><br>Data that we store when you visit our website is kept for twelve months. An exception is made for analysis and tracking data, which may be kept longer.<br><br>We store contract data for longer, as we are obliged to do so by legal regulations. In particular, we must retain business communications, concluded contracts and accounting records for up to 10 years. As far as we no longer need such data from you to perform the services, the data will be blocked and we will only use it for accounting and tax purposes.</p><br><h3>3.6 How do we protect your data?</h3><p>We will keep your information secure and take all reasonable steps to protect your information from loss, access, misuse or alteration.<br><br>Our contractual partners and employees who have access to your data are obliged to comply with data protection regulations. In some cases, it will be necessary for us to pass on your requests to companies affiliated with us. In these cases, too, your data will be treated confidentially.<br><br>Within our website, we use the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) procedure in conjunction with the highest encryption level supported by your browser.</p><br><h3>3.7 What rights do you have?</h3><br><h4>a. Right to information</h4><p>You can request information about the data we have stored about you at any time. We ask you to send your request for information together with proof of identity to contact@jonathan-russ.com.<br><br>You also have the right to receive your data in a common file format if we process your data automatically and if:</p><ul><li>you have given your consent for the processing of this data; or</li><li>you have disclosed data in connection with the conclusion or performance of a contract.</li></ul><p>We may restrict or refuse to provide information or data if this conflicts with our legal obligations, our own legitimate interests, public interests or the interests of a third party.<br><br>The processing of your request is subject to the statutory processing period of 30 days. However, we may extend this period due to a high volume of requests, for legal or technical reasons, or because we need more detailed information from you. You will be informed of the extension of the deadline in good time, at least in text form.</p><br><h4>b. Deletion and correction</h4><br><p>You have the option of requesting the deletion or correction of your data at any time. We may reject the request if statutory provisions oblige us to store the data for a longer period or to retain it unchanged or if your request conflicts with a legal requirement.<br><br>Please note that exercising your rights may be in conflict with contractual agreements and may have corresponding effects on the performance of the contract (e.g. premature termination of the contract or cost consequences).</p><br><h4>c. Legal process</h4><p>If you are affected by the processing of personal data, you have the right to enforce your rights in court or to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. The competent supervisory authority in Switzerland is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch</p><br><h3>3.8 Changes to the privacy policy</h3><p>We may change this privacy policy at any time. The changes will be published on https://jonathan-russ.com, you will not be informed separately.</p><br><h2>4. Individual data processing operations</h2><br><h3>4.1 Providing the website and creating log files</h3><br><h4>What information do we receive and how do we use it?</h4><p>By visiting https://jonathan-russ.com, certain data is automatically stored on our servers or on servers of services and products that we obtain and / or have installed, for purposes of system administration, for statistical or backup purposes or for tracking purposes. These are:</p><ul><li>the name of your Internet service provider;</li><li>Your IP address (in some circumstances);</li><li>the version of your browser software;</li><li>the operating system of the computer with which the URL is accessed;</li><li>the date and time of access;</li><li>the web page from which you are visiting URL;</li><li>the search words you used to find the URL.</li></ul><br><h4>Why may we process this data?</h4><p>This data cannot be assigned to a specific person and there is no merging of this data with other data sources. The log files are stored in order to guarantee the functionality of the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. This is our legitimate interest.</p><br><h4>How can you prevent data collection?</h4><p>The data is only stored for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Accordingly, the data is deleted after the end of each session. The storage of the log files is mandatory for the operation of the website, you therefore have no possibility to object.</p><br> <br><br><h3>4.2 Google Analytics</h3><p>We use Google Analytics on our website, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site.<br><br>The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In the event that IP anonymization is activated on this website, however, your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.<br><br>On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator.<br><br>The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google.<br><br>You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.</p><br><br><h3>4.3 Google Tag Manager</h3><p>For the management of website tags via an interface, we use the Google Tag Manager, a service of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). The Google Tag Manager itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-less domain and does not process any personal data. The service provides for the triggering of other tags, which in turn may collect data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, it remains in place for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.<br><br>By using the Google Tag Manager, scripts (so-called tags) can be activated automatically on our website and data can be transmitted from your browser to Google. This data may include information about your IP address, the browser you use, the subpages of our website visited and other interactions during your website visit.</p><br><br><h3>4.4 Amazon S3</h3><p>Our website uses Amazon S3, a storage service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. This service allows us to store and deliver content, such as images, documents, and other media, securely and efficiently.<br><br>When you visit our website, certain files stored on Amazon S3 may be loaded in order to provide you with an optimal user experience. This may result in requests being sent to Amazon servers, which may transfer data such as your IP address, the browser used and other technical information.<br><br>Amazon processes your data in accordance with the Amazon Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this policy for more information about Amazon's use of your data.</p><br><br><h3>4.5 Amazon Web Services</h3><p>Our website uses services provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS), a comprehensive cloud service provider of Amazon.com, Inc. AWS provides a variety of infrastructure technologies that enable us to operate our website and related services in a reliable and scalable manner.<br><br>When you visit our website or use services hosted on AWS, certain information, such as your IP address, usage data, and other relevant information, may be stored on AWS servers. This data is used to ensure the functionality of our website and to provide us with analytics and insights into the use of our services.<br><br>Amazon processes your data in accordance with the AWS Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this policy for more information about how AWS uses your data.</p> <br><br><h3>BrainBox Generators</h3> BrainBox Generators is a service of <a style="color:inherit;" href="https://brainbox.swiss/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">BrainBox Solutions GmbH</a> to recognize all data protection-relevant services on a website and, among other things, to help with the creation of the privacy policy. No personal data is collected or processed in the process.
